{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 i have to write a longer thing later, but i can't write right now bc i have 30 minutes for a tech test to create a login system. but i talked with the founders of http://www.culturecreates.com/index.html for 2hs on monday. and while talking about the semantic web and how to generate free and open meta-data fields generated through the aid of AI (instead of highly restrictive -totally not-relational databases like sql)- -- and in contrast to the private metadata gathering silos of google amaZon etc)  ---- i went back to spaZZ and realiZed for the millionth times that it really was what emerged as the data field for 3e work. its imperfect, but prior to that, it was about using inflexions articles to train Machinelearning or just. very very poorly scoped, not even digital archives of the practices. we needed the practices and processes of spaZe to do the work, and of course as tranversal reseach for the code, the sops/pots etc. but it's also a field and fielding of data that can be sourced, or gone to as a source, or visited to generate digitally friendly textures. or of course the crossing over threshold placeholder/rehersal for what isn't yet known of possible digitially, but helps in the generation of belief, with refining the craft and technique. but anyways. that's already known. but thinking spaZe also as a semantic web resource  for helping train machines, and not just human/creature practice/processesor i can't write about this right now - have to finish other work. but there is a lot.it won't be obvious from their website but there is some interesting ideas at work in what they are proposing, and parcticularly in taking the stance that they aren't just interesting in making arts event meta data accessible to others, through their compan/organiZation as a middle-man // but they want to generate the data so that anyone can then use it and the customiZe their own apps for the specific community needs they are serving. and that might not seem like a direct line to what we're working on, but they are using AI to generate the metadata -- and for practical accessibility uses. and i'm going to see if some of that tech that they are working on and exploring, might be useful for use, in the generating of our magma. because we absolutely can not enter the metatags manually for all our gifts-to-a-process or archive-to-anarchive material. we needs what was of course, being explored through conversations around ML with Jhave. but because ML needs such a large sample source to even begin the training process, it just never felt scalable or practical.eee. too many things. have to go.}