{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 March 20 2019\
\
I haven\'92t been so scared in a while \
I think one of the things that I don\'92t have a fear of is commitment, or the way that I deal with commitment is all or nothing. And so this is what makes me nervous about this halfway relationship is your lack of ability to fully commit to me. In the practical ways of you committing as in being monogamous that\'92s fine. But any broader commitments that are how you respect people is more difficult. \
\
The commitment that is in respect the way I see it is how I think about you in the decisions I make. It\'92s not that I make decisions that will incorporate you that didn\'92t incorporate you before it\'92s that I think about the possibility of them affecting you. For example, timing or living in Montreal. Haha and I try to discuss these as quickly as possible.\
\
That\'92s what I\'92m asking you to do when we set a time to hangout and I find it pretty disrespectful to me that you didn\'92t tell me you had decided to leave Montreal.\
\
I have no idea how to continue because I\'92m afraid to be too vulnerable around you because you keep breaking my trust in you. And sorry that I\'92m so sensitive about this stuff but it really got added up over time. \
\
You can suddenly leave and go to bc and I think that you think that as long as we\'92re in love that I\'92ll be here for you and in a way I will be and right now I want to be. But I think that each time that you don\'92t reciprocate that being there for me / respect&commitment I have to also pull away in my vulnerability because it\'92s not being heard in the complicated ways that something is heard that doesn\'92t get acknowledged. A reciprocation that isn\'92t about acknowledging the thing that\'92s happening but being sensitive to the person as a person and not jus the person in this situation being there for you. \
\
When you are so in your head that you can\'92t also see me as a person and only as a person responding to your situation you stop respecting me and the trust is broken.\
\
I\'92m not having trouble loving you but I don\'92t think love is only a connection even though I know that\'92s where it starts. It\'92s something that is consistently acted on. \
\
I felt like we needed to break up because I need control over my whole life and I so easily disappear into thinking how I can change what I do so it doesn\'92t negatively affect you but you don\'92t think that way for me. And I know it\'92s because you can\'92t right now. But I don\'92t know~ we need different things and you have to try to learn what I need in the ways that I\'92ve learned what you need.\
\
I feel completely torn apart right now because you seem so content with being my halfway boyfriend or I\'92m just confused with what you think this is going to be or how you could possibly imagine us being able to be together if you\'92re leaving or why you would only want to be halfway there for me now or how you think this won\'92t be hard or how you don\'92t think of me as part of your life. \
\
I don\'92t even know how to think about when you leave because for you it seems like going to bc is where you feel like all your problems will be solved, that something your missing is there. But I will not follow or be there and it could be too late when you\'92re back, I\'92m highly adaptable and I\'92m not going to pretend this continues while you\'92re gone or have a kind of hope that you return. You have always failed to reach any expectation I\'92ve set for you and the only one I want right now is for you to be there. But that\'92s such a basic one that should have been something that you wanted from the beginning that I\'92m afraid that our relationship can\'92t progress.\
\
So much of this relationship is based on potential and I\'92m not sure if we really have the time to see this potential through. I wish I could ask you to not leave. But I guess I\'92m confused why you have to go? What life you have there that you don\'92t have here? Why would you leave me behind? It feels like you want to put me on pause and then come back and I can\'92t wait and I\'92m really worried I will. \
\
I want to break up because you keep committing to your own wants and not thinking at all how it effects me.\
\
It just feels like I can\'92t trust you enough to be anything more than friends but also I want to hug you but I can\'92t use you wow use you sounds terrible but use our connectedness }