{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Easton, \
I haven\'92t actually thought too much on anything I\'92ve wanted to say to you so here I try. I think that what you see as the problem is that you weren\'92t doing well. But for me what was wrong was matter of \'91later\'92. Later became the way that I could be put off. And where I got stuck and why it can\'92t work is that I took everything too personally where you needed later in order to be able to do now. Maybe?\
Trying to figure something out or checking out partway through. Strange that these are the things that hurt me. Our relationship was maybe based on a mode where we met each other that doesn\'92t actually work sustainably for either of us. There\'92s no doubt there was something special or that we could see the specialness in each other but I don\'92t think we gave each other more life. We definitely gave each other a lot of love but pure love is not enough. And in fact not sustainable in life. Love needs to involve life and without it it becomes only a place in the heart. This is not to say this isn\'92t special but more to say that this place in the heart is not in between but like how a memory holds to the heart. It has been changed but it\'92s now only holding different shapes.\
you\'92ve left me, with a fear of abandonment, not to you and it was already there in a lot of ways. But, this feeling of being left is a feeling of people who decide when it is enough. I think it comes in your defensiveness. And with all these pieces of you, I\'92m sorry I can\'92t deal with them properly. It is not a think now try later because it\'92s too late. I think bailing, this is not feeling for how things are going or how when you say something will happen then there\'92s a trust that it will happen. Maybe there was too much of a habit set in this. But, I\'92ve asked myself why I hold on or what I held on or why do I need to hold on\'97 to plans. I understand neurodiverse socializing so maybe I held you to a pressure that I wanted to hold on myself. A kind of half normal half not. But this neurodiverse socializing cannot be used as a blanket for being there. Part of care is an attunement to the other body and I think in the end, maybe starting two weeks in, you lost the attunement to this body. It involves a whole life not just an idea of a life. And the abandonment was not in any leaving but an inability to be with more than the idea of a life. \
That is not enough, and I always feel like not enough. I edited the toomuchnotenough out to see how I could do something for you I wrote fill but not with the parts that are feeling abandoned but with all the editing and reaching and disappearing-into, there came an inability to see the difference between who was who and there I was edited out. I lost my words\'97 did you notice that I haven\'92t spoken in months? Did you see that I haven\'92t told you anything? Did you see when I lost all my bearings at l\'92escalier and you had to bring me home ? Did you see when I couldn\'92t come to words for so long that I was dispersing with nothing to disperse that you tried to hold together by complete explosion? Did you try to hold together or calm down or ask to try harder to not give up? This is all me, and maybe this is another mistake in the relationship. We\'92re both trying to protect ourselves. \
There is something that turned into protection that was before me really loosing myself but not in the way that you think. You needed a secure body that knows what it wants but my lost world is not wanting to be found. there is no body to be found here, there is only more world to be discovered again. I can\'92t be disapeared-into a world that stops inside the body. }