{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Stacking and spreading\
\
I\'92m thinking about the strange processing moment that you saw at the table at uspz and it reminded me of a way that I\'92ve think about those moments in terms of stacking and spreading. Music spreads, for sure. Everything at once in a way that makes freezing stacks. Of course it\'92s never one of the other and I\'92m trying to see how it looks. A view from the top wouldn\'92t work because you would only see the top of the stack so imagine it was possible to see the whole stack but not as a stack and neither as individual pieces. Pieces being the lines that could be followed out. Spreading is like floating in the pool, it\'92s very smooth and not always easy but at least there\'92s still some spreading. It would take the same consistency as smooth peanut butter. The peanut butter is important because it comes more sticky than like a slide. Stacking is possible when scribbling-jumping (and very practically sometimes stacking doesn\'92t realize itself until it tries to draw and it\'92s only scribbles) and walking does spreading to stacking. Just breath does not spread stacking. Stacking does not feel itself build and is usually frozen. It feels like nothing but it\'92s just messy. Slowly stacking can come apart like pulled pork but it takes time for one at a time (many ones at a time instead of all at once) stacking in a way is so confusing to understand because it\'92s more of a fusion or how a stack feels. Like when you have so many things to do that it doesn\'92t matter what each piece is because it just feels like work.}